README.md, before:

## Count Counter
This is a simple counter application that supports incrementing a counter value. Since it uses BigInteger there is no real limit to how far it can count, but *only* 12 606 characters are able to be seen in the GUI.  

### Features
- Increment a counter value and view it in a GUI.
    - No real limit to how far the counter can go (but limited in the GUI display).
- Automatically saves when quitting, but also allows manual saving.
- Can reset the counter value.

### Installation
1. Download the latest build from the [Releases](https://github.com/Caramajau/count-counter/releases) page.
2. Extract the downloaded ZIP file to a folder of your choice.
3. Run the `CountCounter.exe` file to start the application. See [Instructions](#instructions) for usage details.

### Instructions
Keyboard is planned to be supported in a future update. (TODO)

The GUI should be intuitive, but here is an explanation of each button:
- Current Counter Value: Increases the counter value by 1.
- Quit: Exits the application and saves the counter value.
- Reset: Resets the counter value to 0.
- Save: Manually saves the current counter value.

### Implementation details
The project is built using ```Unity 6000.0.40f1``` and uses BigInteger for the counter value.

### Limitations
- The GUI can only display up to 12 606 characters of the counter value. See the [maximum_counter_value_example](./maximum_counter_value_example.txt) for an example of the length limitation. 
    - NOTE: You can still achieve a greater count than in the example by counting so that all numbers are exclusively 9s, but beyond that will not be displayed correctly in the GUI.
- The application supports incrementing and decrementing the counter by 1. Other operations, like multiplying, etc., are not supported.

### Additional notes
- If you have any suggestions or feature requests, feel free to open an issue on the [Issues](https://github.com/Caramajau/count-counter/issues) page.

Commit message:

Update README to reflect keyboard controls

README.md, after:

## Count Counter
This is a simple counter application that supports incrementing a counter value. Since it uses BigInteger there is no real limit to how far it can count, but *only* 12 606 characters are able to be seen in the GUI.  

### Features
- Increment a counter value and view it in a GUI.
    - No real limit to how far the counter can go (but limited in the GUI display).
- Automatically saves when quitting, but also allows manual saving.
- Can reset the counter value.

### Installation
1. Download the latest build from the [Releases](https://github.com/Caramajau/count-counter/releases) page.
2. Extract the downloaded ZIP file to a folder of your choice.
3. Run the `CountCounter.exe` file to start the application. See [Instructions](#instructions) for usage details.

### Instructions
The GUI should be intuitive, but here is an explanation of each button:
- Current Counter Value: Increases the counter value by 1.
- Quit: Exits the application and saves the counter value.
- Reset: Resets the counter value to 0.
- Save: Manually saves the current counter value.

In addition to mouse controls, you can move around the UI using WASD, and then press ENTER to trigger the selected button.
- By default, the increment button is selected.
- NOTE: When switching between the increment button and the buttons to the side, the **Save** button will first be selected.

### Implementation details
The project is built using ```Unity 6000.0.40f1``` and uses BigInteger for the counter value.

### Limitations
- The GUI can only display up to 12 606 characters of the counter value. See the [maximum_counter_value_example](./maximum_counter_value_example.txt) for an example of the length limitation. 
    - NOTE: You can still achieve a greater count than in the example by counting so that all numbers are exclusively 9s, but beyond that will not be displayed correctly in the GUI.
- The application supports incrementing and decrementing the counter by 1. Other operations, like multiplying, etc., are not supported.

### Additional notes
- If you have any suggestions or feature requests, feel free to open an issue on the [Issues](https://github.com/Caramajau/count-counter/issues) page.
